Switcher KIS Documentation: Add clarification about old firmware versions. (#18818)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switcher_kis.markdown

- Switcher V2 (Qualcomm chipset - from firmware 72.32)
- Switcher V4

> If you completed the config flow but still unable to control the device, please make sure your device's firmware is up-to-date.

Reviewer: config flow is not a user-facing term.

```suggestion
If you completed the integration setup but are still unable to control the device, please make sure your device's firmware is up-to-date.
```
